The Knowledge: How to Rebuild our World from Scratch 
Power from the Wind: A Practical Guide to Small-Scale Energy Production, Revised 2.d Ed. by Dan Chiras 
Build Your Own Metal Working Shop from Scrap. The Metal Shaper by D. Gingery 
Woodwork step by step  more than 4.tools and techniques with inspirational projects to make by Alan Bridgewater Dorling Kindersley Limited 
Introduction to the History of Computing A Computing History Primer by Gerard O’Regan 
Kustarnoe proizvodstvo spichek. by Shidlovskii.A. i dr. 
Writing Apocalypse and Survival A Masterclass in Post-Apocalyptic Science Fiction and Zombie Horror by Jackson Dean Chase 
8.-The-Charcoal-Foundry-by-David-J..-Gingery- z-lib.org  8.8..ocr.docx
O.E.Bazilevich. Proizvodstvo goncharnoi posudy (djvu) 
Laboratory Information Management Systems Revised  Expanded by Christine Paszko, Elizabeth Turner, 
Build Your Own Metal Working Shop from Scrap. The Metal Shaper by D. Gingery 
Life after doomsday A survivalist guide to nuclear war and other major disasters by Bruce D Clayton 
The Metal Lathe (Build Your Own Metal Working Shop from Scrap  Book 13. by David Gingery 
14.izobretenii XX i XXI vekov, izmenivshie mir by Rylev Iu. 
Build Your Own Metal Working Shop from Scrap15.docx
Mechanical musical instruments.pdf
The origin of the personality and intellect of man. The experience of generalizing the data of classical neurophysiology by A. Nevzorov
The Art of Eating through the Zombie Apocalypse A Cookbook and Culinary Survival Guide by Lauren Wilson, Kristian Bauthus 
Jigs  Fixtures For The Hand Tool Woodworker  18.Classic Devices You Can Make by Graham Blackburn 
Who Owns the Future by Jaron Lanier 
Doomsday Preppers Complete Survival Manual by Michael Sweeney 
The Idea of the Castle in Medieval England by Abigail Wheatley 
Ancient Engineers Inventions Precursors of the Present (History of Mechanism and Machine Science) by Cesare Rossi, Flavio Russo, Ferruccio Russo 
23.-The-Charcoal-Foundry-by-David-J..-Gingery- z-lib.org  23.23..ocr.docx
Building Wooden Machines Gears and Gadgets for the Adventurous Woodworker by Alan Bridgewater and Gill Bridgewater 
The Time Capsule by McDaniel Lurlene 
Znanie o tom, kak perestroit' nash mir s nulia, Dartnell, L'iuis 
Antichnost'. Simvolizm. Tekhnetika by Kudrin B.I. 
The universal history of computing  from the abacus to the quantum computer by Georges Ifrah et al 
~$anie o tom, kak perestroit' nash mir s nulia, Dartnell, L'iuis 
Preservation of Foods w.pdf
31.-The-Charcoal-Foundry-by-David-J..-Gingery- z-lib.org  31.31..ocr.docx
Preppers Essential Guide To Surviving a Natural Disaster, Doomsday Event and Economic Meltdown by Butch S Hardcastle 
A brief history of computing by Gerard ORegan (auth.) 
34.-The-Charcoal-Foundry-by-David-J..-Gingery- z-lib.org  34.34..ocr.docx
Build Your Own Metal Working Shop from Scrap. The Drill Press by David J. Gingery 
Build Your Own Metal Working Shop from Scrap. The Milling Machine by D. Gingery 
The-Global-Reset-Survival-Guide.pdf
Message in a Time Capsule by Stross Charles 
Entsiklopediia vyzhivaniia v lesu bez komp'iutera i telefona by Kris Oksleid 
Nuclear War Survival Skills by Cresson H. Kearny 
How To Make Woodwork Tools by Charles H.Hayward 
A History of Modern Computing, 42.d Edition (History of Computing) by Paul E. Ceruzzi 
youtube links.txt
Bibliografiia.pdf
The knowledge how to rebuild our world from scratch by Dartnell, Lewis 
Origins and Development of Musical Instruments by Jeremy Montagu 
The End of the World Apocalypse and Its Aftermath in Western Culture by Maria Manuel Lisboa 
Entsiklopediia vyzhivaniia v lesu bez komp'iutera i telefona by Kris Oksleid 
The Preppers Water Survival Guide Harvest, Treat, and Store Your Most Vital Resource by Daisy Luther 
Living off the Grid A Simple Guide to Creating and Maintaining a Self-reliant Supply of Energy, Water, Shelter and More by David Black 
The dividing head  deluxe accessories by David J.  Gingery 
Build Your Own Metal Working Shop from Scrap. The Milling Machine by D. Gingery 
Machine Tool Reconditioning and Applications of Hand Scraping by Edward F. Connelly 
Build Your Own Metal Working Shop from Scrap54.docx
Kapsula vremeni iz podruchnykh Sredstv.txt
Znanie o tom, kak perestroit' nash mir s nulia, Dartnell, L'iuis 
Making Wood Tools with John Wilson  Traditional Woodworking Tools You Can Make in Your Own Shop by John Wilson 
Dawn of the New Everything Encounters with Reality and Virtual Reality by Jaron Lanier 
The Survival Handbook A Practical Guide to Woodcraft and Woodlore by Ray Mears 
60. The Charcoal Foundry by David J.. Gingery 
~$anie o tom, kak perestroit' nash mir s nulia, Dartnell, L'iuis 
The mechanization of the middle ages an intellectual history of medieval machine building by George William Brooks 
American Woodworkers Hand Tool Fundamentals Advice, Techniques and Projects to Build Your Skills by American Woodworker Editors 
Build Your Own Metal Working Shop from Scrap. Sheet metal Brake by David J. Gingery 
Znanie o tom, kak perestroit' nash mir s nulia, Dartnell, L'iuis 
Build Your Own Metal Working Shop from Scrap66.docx
From Mainframes to Smartphones A History of the International Computer Industry by Martin Campbell-Kelly, Daniel D. Garcia-Swartz 
The Metal Lathe (Build Your Own Metal Working Shop from Scrap  Book 68. by David Gingery 
The dividing head  deluxe accessories by David J.  Gingery 
V.A.Chichaev, M.L.Glezin, i drugie. Oborudovanie tselliulozno-bumazhnogo proizvodstva, tom 70.
Barrelorgan   the story of the mechanical organ and its repair   Ord-Hume, Arthur W. J. G. (Arthur Wolfgang Julius Gerard)   Free Download, Borrow, and Streaming   Internet Archive.pdf
Computer A History of the Information Machine by Martin Campbell-Kelly, William Aspray, Nathan Ensmenger, Jeffrey R. Yost 
The Survivalist (Freedom Lost) by Bradley, Arthur T 
Medieval Cruck-Building and Its Derivatives A Study of Timber-Framed Construction Based on Buildings in Worcestershire by Frederick William Bolton Charles 
Build Your Own Metal Working Shop from Scrap75.docx
Build Your Own Metal Working Shop from Scrap. The Drill Press by David J. Gingery 
77.77.77..pdf
Build Your Own Metal Working Shop from Scrap. Sheet metal Brake by David J. Gingery 
The Survival Handbook A Practical Guide to Woodcraft and Woodlore by Ray Mears 
V.I.Baptizmanskii, M.Ia.Medzhibozhskii. Konverternye protsessy proizvodstva stali (80. djvu) 
Znanie o tom, kak perestroit' nash mir s nulia, Dartnell, L'iuis 
82. The Charcoal Foundry by David J.. Gingery 
Doomsday Preppers A Practical Guide for the Beginner by Stone, James G 
Bit by Bit An Illustrated History of Computers by Stan Augarten 
The knowledge how to rebuild our world from scratch by Dartnell, Lewis 
Heather Heying & Bret Weinstein A Hunter-Gatherer's Guide to the 21st Century. 
Deadly Skills Survival Edition The SEAL Operative’s Guide to Surviving in the Wild and Being         
Prepared for Any Disaster (Clint Emerson)                                                
Effects of Nuclear War (Office of Technology Assessment etc.)                             
Essential Survival Skills (DK Essential Skills) (Colin Towell)                            
First Aid for the USMLE Step 1 2021, Thirty First Edition (Le, Tao, Bhushan, Vikas, Sochat, Matthew)                                                                                             
Handbook of Nuclear, Biological, and Chemical Agent Exposures (Jerrold B. Leikin, Robin B. McFee etc.)                                                                                            
How to Survive a Nuclear War (Baldwin, Miles)                                            
Ken Schultzs Field Guide to Freshwater Fish (Ken Schultz)                                 
Ken Schultzs Field Guide to Saltwater Fish (Schultz, Ken)                                 
Knots An Illustrated Practical Guide to the Essential Knot Types and Their Uses (Adam Adamides)          
Magic Mushrooms Around the World (Jochen Gartz)                                           
Nuclear Medicine Resources Manual (K. Ramer, A. Alavi)                                    
Nuclear War Survival Skills (Cresson H. Kearny)                                           
Survival For Beginners A Step-By-Step Guide To Camping And Outdoor Skills (Colin Towell)  
The Complete Guide to Edible Wild Plants, Mushrooms, Fruits, and Nuts Finding, Identifying, and Cooking  
The MeatEater Guide to Wilderness Skills and Survival (Steven Rinella)                   
The Survival Handbook A Practical Guide to Woodcraft and Woodlore (Mears, Raymond)        
The Survival Retreat A Total Plan for Retreat Defense (Ragnar Benson)                     
The Zombie Survival Guide Complete Protection from the Living Dead (Max Brooks)           
U.S. Armed Forces Nuclear, Biological and Chemical Survival Manual (Dick, Capt. USN (ret) Couch)         
US Army, Field Manual, FIRST AID , FM 4-25.11, 2002, Survival Medical Manual (United States Army and www.survivalebooks.com)                                                                   
Оказание первой медицинской помощи при травмах (ушибах, вывихах, переломах) (Жилин А.Н., Гафарова К.Я.)                                                                                           
Первая медицинская помощь при травмах и несчастных случаях (Марченко Д.В.)                
Первая помощь при травмах (Юденич В.)                                                    
