Is Linux an OS ? 
Is there a difference GNU/Linux and Linux ?
Is Linux a Kernel ? [ some core software to mange hardware and software.... actually something very Important .. The core of the computer system!! ]
What can I do with something that I downloaded form http://www.kernel.org ?
If there is a name Linux, what the heck is then Ubuntu, Red Hat, SUSE ?
How many official Linux kernels are available at a particular time ?
What is the best way to learn electrical engineering?
How do I become a successful electrical engineer?
What is the best job for an electrical engineer?
What kind of math is used in electrical engineering?
What are some well-paid jobs for electrical engineers?
What are the some recent topics for research in electrical engineering?
Is a graduate degree in electrical engineering worth it? Why?
What are the best certifications for an Electrical Engineer?
Why is electrical engineering so hard and complex?
Recomended book for electrical engineering?
Should I major in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering?
What are the useful software for electrical engineering?
Does studying electric engineering require a lot of math?
What are the most in demand skills in electrical engineering?
Which is the best PSU for Electrical engineers?
What is software to be known by electrical engineers?
Who are some of the best system engineers?
Should a software developer learn about how to setup and make use of distributed architectures like HDFS, YARN, MESOS, SPARK, CASSANDRA, etc., or are those more suited for systems engineers and system admins?
Is NASA hiding evidence of intelligent alien life?
How do I get a job at NASA?
Is SpaceX doing better job than NASA?
Why doesn't NASA send a probe into a black hole to learn more?
What is the internet speed at NASA?
What percentage of NASA employees are Indian?
What should I do to enter into NASA as scientist?
What do people at NASA think about SpaceX?
Does NASA in Hebrew actually mean deceive?
Why do all the Earth “photos” from NASA look different?
Is SETI still relevant?
Is SETI looking for the wrong things?
What is SETI?
What are the helicopter hieroglyphics at the Temple of Seti I, Egypt?
What happened to SETI? 
What are some mind-blowing facts about SETI?
What are some of SETI's most recent discoveries?
Is active SETI really dangerous to mankind?
What is it like to work at SETI?
Has SETI discovered anything significant?
Do UFO's really exist?
Which is the clearest authentic UFO photo?
Do you believe in UFO's and Aliens?
What is the most convincing UFO footage?
How true is the Roswell UFO incident?
What is the very best piece of evidence of alien UFOs?
Why do people believe in UFOs?
What is the full form of UFO?
What happened when you saw UFO ?